Mark `vcs_repo` as computed, allowing for manual configuration. (#777)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

ENHANCEMENTS:
* Update API doc links from terraform.io to developer.hashicorp domain by @uk1288 [#764](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/764)
* Update website docs to depict the use of set with `tfe_team_organization_members` and `tfe_team_members` by @uk1288 [#767](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/767)
* d/tfe_workspace: Add `execution_mode` field to workspace datasoure by @uk1288 ([#772](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/772))

> * r/tfe_workspace: `vcs_repo` is now marked as computed, allowing for manual VCS configuration by @sebasslash ([#777](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/777))

Reviewer: Mmm, this description is a bit too "inside baseball" for normal users, though it'd make sense to veteran provider developers. How bout,

```suggestion
* r/tfe_workspace: If `vcs_repo` isn't specified in the config, allow manually connecting a VCS repo without reporting it as a diff by @sebasslash ([#777](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/777))
```
